README.md, before:

# Server Worker ⚙️

Bot on discord for web server management. 
Server support by discord bot. Perfect bot for
beginner web developers, just buy a vps server
with linux nodejs, npm, nginx, certbot installation
and download and run the bot. Change data in .env 
and then add domains with bot.

## Run Locally

#### Clone the project ©️

```bash
  git clone https://github.com/kacpep/server-worker.git
```

#### Go to the project directory 🔮

```bash
  cd server-worker
```

#### Install dependencies 🙏

```bash
  npm i
```

#### Edit .env ⚒️

```env
DISCORD_TOKEN=
GUILD_ID=
CLIENT_ID=
CHANNEL_NAME=server-worker
CATEGORY_NAME=WEB DEV
```

#### Start the server 😜

```bash
  npm start
```

### Invite the bot to the server ~ ready! Have fun!🎟️

### System requirements

Operating system `linux`

You must have installed `nodejs | npm | sudo | nginx | certbot | python3-certbot-nginx | `

### Tested

Tested on `Debian GNU/Linux 9.13 `

### Versions:

`v1.0.0` ~ important commands

## Authors

- [@kacpep](https://www.github.com/kacpep) 😇

Commit message:

added message visibility and fix bugs

README.md, after:

# Server Worker ⚙️

Bot on discord for web server management. 
Server support by discord bot. Perfect bot for
beginner web developers, just buy a vps server
with linux nodejs, npm, nginx, certbot installation
and download and run the bot. Change data in .env 
and then add domains with bot.

## Run Locally

#### Clone the project ©️

```bash
  git clone https://github.com/kacpep/server-worker.git
```

#### Go to the project directory 🔮

```bash
  cd server-worker
```

#### Install dependencies 🙏

```bash
  npm i
```

#### Edit .env ⚒️

```env
DISCORD_TOKEN=
GUILD_ID=
CLIENT_ID=
CHANNEL_NAME=server-worker
CATEGORY_NAME=WEB DEV
```

#### Start the server 😜

```bash
  npm start
```

### Invite the bot to the server ~ ready! Have fun!🎟️

### System requirements

Operating system `linux`

You must have installed `nodejs | npm | sudo | nginx | certbot | python3-certbot-nginx | `

### Tested

Tested on `Debian GNU/Linux 9.13 `

### Versions:

`v1.0.0` ~ important commands

`v1.1.0` ~ added: adding a user and disabling/enabling the server and message visibility
## Authors

- [@kacpep](https://www.github.com/kacpep) 😇
